- Frankie,
isn't that funny?
When Tammy told me
you were a robot,
I was, like,
Frankie's not a robot.
[laughing]
Right?
Frankie?
- Why would Tammy Gilroy
think that I'm a robot?
- [laughs]
It beats me.
My best guess is that
she's not your biggest fan.
[laughs]
- [bell clanging]
- Frankie!
You got a free game!
Do you know
what this means?
- That I will have
another opportunity
to beat you by 22 strokes?
- Ouch! But, yes.
Mini-golf etiquette says
that you have to
play your free game with
the person you were with
when you got the hole-in-one.
- I would like that very much.
- COLE:
[laughs]
- JENNY: Hold on a sec.
Let me find a good spot.
- [shower knob squeaks]
- [shower water running]
- What's up?
- We've gotta talk about--
What's that noise?
Is it raining?
- It's the shower.
I turned it on so
no one could eavesdrop.
- Uh, they can,
if you yell like that.
- Oh. Right.
So, what's so important?
- Andrew plus Dr. Peters
equals big problem.
- My mom's friend,
Dr. Peters?
What's he got to
do with Andrew?
- Besides being
the one who created him?
Wait. I thought
you knew.
Frankie said
she told you.
- She told me that
Andrew was an android,
not that my mom's
best friend made him.
- Oh, Frankie made me promise
not to tell your mom.
But she has to know.
Who knows what type
of shady business
those two are up to?
- I'm gonna tell her.
- DAYTON: No!
Frankie will freak.
So, she has to be the one
to tell your mom.
- I could try and talk
some sense into her.
- Okay.
Why is it so steamy
in there?
Did you turn
the hot water on?
- Yeah, to get a good steam
while we chatted.
It really opens
up the pores.
[inhaling, exhaling]
- [cell phone rings]
- Go for Drew.
- JAMES: Gopher Drew?
What is that?
- Uh, Dr. Peters.
[laughs]
Uh, I was just trying
on a nickname.
- How does the name
deactivated android sound?
Because that's what
you're gonna be,
if you don't deliver
Frankie to the rendezvous today.
- Hmmm...
I like Drew better.
- All clear.
Bring her out.
- Frankie, I need to--
What is all this?
- Byron and John thought
I needed bodyguards
before the state finals.
- Okay.
Listen, I need to talk
to you about Andrew.
- Dayton Reyes,
we have been over this.
I cannot tell mom without
putting Andrew in danger.
- But by not telling her,
you're putting
yourself in danger.
Jenny agrees with me,
you know?
She doesn't trust
Dr. Peters, either.
- You told Jenny
about him?
- I thought
she already knew.
Look, the point is we both
see how serious this is.
It's bigger than
just Andrew.
- What's bigger than me?
[laughs]
We still gonna
meet later?
- Meet?
Frankie, what if
it's a trap?
[groans]
- What was that
all about?
- Nothing.
She's always run weird.
- No, I meant the heated
exchange with Frankie.
I hope this doesn't affect
her Brain Squad performance.
- Or their friendship.
- [snaps fingers]
Oh, yeah. That, too.
So, she's always run
like that?
You haven't tried to show
her how to, you know?
- Pump her arms?
- Yeah.
- I tried.
She's a lost cause.
- A bodyguard?
I should have one, too.
I am the Brain
Squad captain.
The world's supposed
to see her for who,
I mean, what, she is.
- You need to drop
this Frankie obsession,
and focus on state's.
- Yeah, and save some
of that mental energy
for your pep
rally speech.
- Oh, no, I forgot.
What time is the pep rally?
- [bell rings]
- Right now.
- And now, here's our
Brain Squad captain,
Tammy Gilroy!
- STUDENTS:
[applauding]
- Fellow classmates,
teachers,
I am pleased to
introduce this year's
Brain Squad state finalists.
- Frankie!
We want Frankie!
- Um, in alphabetical order--
- GIRL: [chanting]
Frankie! Frankie!
- STUDENTS: [chanting]
- Okay, okay, fine!
First up, Frankie Gaines.
- STUDENTS:
[cheering]
- STUDENTS IN BAND:
[drumming]
- STUDENTS:
[rhythmic clapping]
- MR. KINGSTON:
Capacitor.
Solder.
Milk chocolate.
- Sir! There's
a message for you.
- I told you no
interruptions.
I am working on PEGSI!
- It's from
Dr. Peters, sir.
He sent the location
of the rendezvous.
The android will be at
Rancho de la Playa
in a cafe called
The Garage.
- Oh, I know Rancho de la Playa
very well, but...
Let Warpa know...
today, they get
their android.
[laughing]
- Hey! Sorry I'm late.
I was, uh...
checking on something.
- Your eyes are
darting around.
And you seem unable
to sit still.
Are you nervous,
Andrew LaPierre?
- No, I'm totally cool.
Uh, in fact, I have quite
the surprise for you.
- ♪ Feels like things
are getting real, real ♪
♪ Never felt so alive,
never felt so alive ♪
♪ Feels like things
are getting real, real ♪
are getting real ♪♪
- ♪
- [laughing]
Uh...
That's it?
It's just
the two of you?
- Subtlety is key.
We wanna capture
the android
and slip out without
making a scene.
- Ah, yes, but you don't know
what you're dealing with.
The last android that escaped
commandeered a bulldozer,
and tried to demolish
my headquarters.
- You just worry about making
the identification.
- Yes.
[laughs]
Well, Peters assured me that
the android would be inside.
Um...oh, right now.
[laughs]
Ah, yes...
What?
What? What's happening?
Where is it?
Um, how can this be?
- You've been had,
Kingston,
and our patience
is wearing thin.
Deliver the android,
or you're gonna
need a robotic jaw
to chew your food--
get me?
- Uh...
[gasping]
- [phone beeps]
- Peters! You lying,
bumbling traitor--oh!
Can I get a #7
Mango-Tango with chia seeds.
Are they organic?
[snaps fingers]
Perfect!
No, of course
we don't have her!
Now you had
better fix this,
or you are going to
need a robotic jaw to--
Oh, in a to-go cup,
please?
[chuckles]
To chew your food! Hmph!
- [power wrench whirring]
[sighs]
Is this fun or what?
- Yes!
- [power wrench whirs]
- Performing engine repair
is quite enjoyable.
- I think it's safe
to go home.
- Safe to go home?
- Uh, yeah, it's, uh,
slang for...
time to wrap up.
- I cannot find this
in my slang files.
I shall add it now.
- Uh, come on,
let's get outta here
before we get--
- MAN: Hey!
What are you
doing in here?
- We replaced the brake
pads on the gray one,
fixed the timing belt
on the sedan,
and got the blue
one running.
But now it is
safe to go home.
Did I use
that slang correctly?
- [laughs]
Yeah, come on.
- ♪
- FRANKIE:
[laughs]
- [cell phone rings]
- [phone beeps]
- Everything okay?
- [sighs]
Yeah.
Everything is...
just fine.
- ♪
- ANDREW:
[heavy sigh]
- What happened?
You were supposed to bring
Frankie to The Garage.
Kingston said
you never showed up.
- No, Kingston
never showed up.
- What? He said
the place was empty.
- We were
definitely there--
at Sully McSullivan's Auto
Service on Nichols Avenue.
- Sully McSullivan's?
No, you twit, not that
garage, The Garage,
where the teenagers
hang out.
- Oh...
[laughs]
Well, with so many
other garages in town,
you should have
been more specific.
- Now I've gotta call Kingston
and make a new plan.
- ♪
- Hi, Tammy.
- Look, can you give me a break
on the three wishes thing?
I've got a lot on my mind.
- I see you're upset.
Uh, feel free
to confide in me.
I've been told
I'm a good listener
because of
my over-sized ears.
How about I give
you my third wish?
It seems like you need
it more than I do.
- Okay.
I wish for you to...
create matter.
- That's funny, Tammy.
You know the law of
conservation of matter.
It can be neither
created nor destroyed.
- Well, you have to try.
It's my wish,
after all.
- Okay.
Here goes nothing.
- ♪
- [liquid bubbling]
- [explosion]
- TAMMY: Robbie!
Are you okay?
[laughing]
Thanks.
[laughs]
I needed a laugh.
Well, you're all
out of wishes.
It was nice hanging out.
We could maybe
hang out some more.
But no one could ever
know about it.
- I agree.
- TAMMY & ROBBIE: It could
seriously harm my reputation.
Wait! Your reputation?
No, my reputation.
- TAMMY:
[scoffs]
Now then, to the purpose
of our meeting.
As you know, one of
us has to sit out
and serve as alternate
for state's.
We've all worked really hard
and deserve to compete.
There's no easy way
to decide,
So, I'll just do it.
John, you're out.
I was wrong.
That was easy.
- MS. HOUGH ANNOUNCING:
Attention,
teachers and students.
Since no one has confessed
to the night of rampage,
Sepulveda High
will withdraw
from the Brain Squad
state championships.
- Wait. Maybe someone
will still come forward.
- Oh, give it up, Frankie.
It's over.
- Why so bummed?
Somebody change the Wi-Fi
password again?
- You haven't heard?
Ms. Hough has withdrawn
us from the state finals
because no one confessed
to the night of rampage.
- Oh, right. Whatevs.
So, you heading
to the cafeteria?
- No. This news has left
my e-stomach feeling uneasy.
- This bums you out
that much?
- I joined the Brain Squad to
bring glory to Sepulveda High.
But now I realize
it's so much more.
I love being
on this team.
It makes me feel...
human.
- Really?
- It is difficult to
explain, Andrew LaPierre.
But it is very real.
This is a devastating
blow for everyone.
- ♪
- I did it. I'm responsible
for the night of rampage.
- You know, with dogs,
it's easy to tell
when they do
something wrong.
They look guilty.
Cats, on the other hand,
are more mysterious.
- All right, are you
saying I look like
a dog, or a cat or--
- No.
[laughing]
You wish you looked
as majestic as a cat.
No, you're as
mysterious as a cat.
I can't tell if
you're being honest.
What do you think,
Fluffy Muffy?
Is he being truthful?
- Look, I have friends
on the Brain Squad
and they shouldn't have to
suffer because of what I did.
- Well, then,
I have no choice
but to suspend you,
effective immediately.
- Yeah. Okay. Sure.
But Brain Squad
is back on, right?
- I said immediately.
Now go.
- ANDREW:
[sighing]
- [heavy sigh]
That was a rough one, Fluffy.
Thank you for
your moral support.
MS. HOUGH ANNOUNCING:
Your attention, please.
Due to a last-minute
confession,
in the matter of
the night of rampage,
Sepulveda High will
be allowed to compete
in the state finals of
the Brain Squad.
- STUDENTS: [cheering]
- MS. HOUGH: Thank you.
- We're back in, baby!
- STUDENTS:
[laughing]
- Hey, Frankie,
come sit with us.
Guys, you're best friends,
so, let's figure this out.
Frankie, tell Dayton
what you're feeling.
- Dayton Reyes, you are
attempting to force me
to do something
I don't want to do
by endlessly repeating your
desire for me to do it,
and I wish you would stop.
- Great. Uh...
Dayton, your turn.
- Frankie, as your best friend,
you need to listen to me.
You don't understand
how important this is.
- Whoa, Dayton,
I don't know what "this" is,
but doesn't it seem you're being
a little unfair to Frankie?
- I see what you're doing.
Jenny's on my side,
so you feel like
you need to get
Cole on yours.
- Hang on, I'm not
taking anybody's side.
- Cole is on my side
because he sees
how unreasonable
you're being.
- Maybe if you told me
what this is all about.
- Unreasonable?
Look what he did.
Who knows what else
he is capable of.
- Wait, who did
what now?
- He took responsibility
for his actions.
It's clear you understand
nothing about the situation.
- Can somebody tell
me who "he" is.
Is it me? Tell me
what I did!
- Real nice, Cole.
I'm your sister.
- I'm not taking her side.
- Why not? Don't you
believe I'm right?
- I don't know!
I don't know what
you guys are fighting about!
- DAYTON: Ohhh!
- Dayton, wait!
We should really--
- FRANKIE: Ohhh!
- What just happened?
- I just wanted to tell you
that I finished my punishment.
Robbie's three
wishes are up.
- And you've learned
your lesson
about making false
accusations?
- No way. I was right
to do what I did.
He deserved it.
- Well, Miss Gilroy I am
very sorry to hear that,
because now I must grant
Robbie three more wishes.
- No, Ms. Hough,
anything but that.
- And if you don't see
the error of your ways,
he'll get three
more after that.
Good day, Miss Gilroy.
- This is terrible.
- You're home early.
- I got suspended.
[nervous laugh]
- Suspended?
What for?
- Oh, it was stupid.
You're gonna laugh.
I set off a stink bomb
at a pep rally.
[laughs]
Yep.
Rotten egg
and seaweed scented.
- JAMES:
[laughs]
That is pretty funny.
- ANDREW: [laughs]
- I never really cared
much for high school.
Just a prison with no guards,
if you ask me.
- BOTH:
[laugh]
- So, where'd you
get the stink bomb?
- Uh, online.
[laughing]
Yeah, from, uh,
Handsprings High School Pranks.
I ordered a big,
smelly box of 'em.
- Great.
- BOTH: [laughing]
- Let's go inside
and grab a few.
Our neighbor's really
been getting on my nerves.
What's wrong?
You said you had
a big, smelly box.
- Uh, yeah, but I left
them at school,
and they confiscated them.
- That's too bad.
- Yeah.
- Too bad, indeed.
- Maybe just stay away
from her for a little bit.
She needs to focus
on state's.
- We had so much
fun at mini-golf.
Now this little feud
could ruin all my momentum.
I need to seem impartial
so Dayton doesn't think
I'm taking sides.
- How's that gonna work?
- Easy.
I study near Frankie,
but not with her--
when Dayton's not around.
- It seems dangerous.
- "Danger"
is my middle name.
- I thought it
was "Gilbert."
- Dude, I told you
that in secret!
- [cell phone buzzing]
- Oh.
- What?
- My dad. He decided to
pop by for a little visit.
Just what I need.
Hey, Frankie.
- Hello, Cole Reyes.
- Bye, Frankie.
- Nice one, Cole
"Danger-Gilbert" Reyes.
- Goodnight Andrew.
- 'Night, Dr. Peters.
- [computer beeps]
- Now...
let's see what you've
really been up to.
- ♪
- ANDREW ON VIDEO:
I did it.
I'm responsible for
the night of rampage.
- Why would he confess?
So, what else have
you been lying about?
Someone changed
all the file names.
Why in the...?
Sort by...
date of file creation.
Sacrificing yourself
for another android?
What happened to you?
This calls for nothing less
than a complete reinstall.
Yes.
Yes!
Now to reprogram you...
for complete
loyalty to me.
- [computer beeping]
- ANDREW:
[gasps]
- [laughs]
Did I scare you?
Humans find it amusing
to frighten each other--
and to do this.
You have something
on your shirt.
[laughs]
- I cannot be around you.
- Andrew?
What's wrong?
- Please,
keep your distance.
- ♪
- [door closes]
- ROBBIE: I knew it.
- Knew what?
- The girls' bathroom
is so much nicer than ours.
What is that scent
I detect?
Lavender? Jasmine?
- It's Gardenia.
There's an aroma diffuser in--
Never mind!
You ratted on me.
- Robbie Turnbull
is many things,
but he is no rat.
- Well, I was in
Ms. Hough's office earlier,
and she said I have to
grant you more wishes.
- You don't say.
- This is a nightmare.
It looks like we're
gonna be stuck together
for a little
while longer.
- I know what
you're doing.
You don't have to
keep getting in trouble
for us to be friends.
- ♪
- [doorbell rings]
- Oh, don't worry.
I'll get it.
- Do I smell
pizza rolls?
- [dramatic music]
- BOTH:
[laugh]
- Come here, you.
Cole! Look who's here!
- Oh, hey...
Dad.
- DAYTON: What brings
you to town?
It's not your weekend
to see us.
In fact, it's not
even the weekend.
- Well, I had a business
meeting in the area,
so, I thought I'd pop by
and catch up.
So, what's
been going on?
- Let's see,
school has been amaze.
Grades are awesome.
I went to my first dance.
I have a new BFF.
Some weird stuff has
been happening--
- Excellent, sweet,
excellent.
What about you, Cole?
I do hope that "C"
average has gone up
since the last
time we spoke.
- Yep, had a lot of time
to change that around--
since the last
time you called.
- Good. "Cs" just...
[grunts]
reek of mediocrity,
and I did not raise
average kids.
- DAYTON:
[laughs]
- Actually, it's not like
a big deal or anything,
but I have this
awesome tutor.
I've been doing
really well in math.
- [cell phone rings]
- Hang on.
Gilford Kingston.
Uh...
A delay?
Well, get moving.
I am running out of time,
and, therefore,
you are running out of time.
Do I make myself clear?
Good.
Sorry.
[laughs]
So, what were you
saying, son?
- Nothing. I just a couple
of "Bs" on a math test and...
- Show him, Cole.
Didn't you pin those tests
on your bulletin board?
- Yes. Yes. I would
like to see that.
[laughing]
All right.
There we are.
- ♪
- [phone beeps]
- JAMES ON PHONE:
Come on, Kingston,
you have to give
me more than a minute.
- Um, excuse me,
this is Tom Reyes' phone.
Who is Kingston?
- [phone beeps]
- [cell phone ringing]
- Frankie, it's me.
I don't have time to explain.
I just need to know the name
of that guy from EGG.
- Dayton Reyes,
I'm busy right now.
- Just give me the name.
- Kingston.
Now I must get
back to studying.
- [phone beeps]
- KINGSTON/REYES:
Listen, son,
all I'm saying
is that a "B"
is not the same
thing as an "A."
It's an improvement,
but I'm not doing any...
cartwheels.
Honey, what are
you doing?
- Just tidying
up a little.
- With pillows?
- Yeah. [laughs]
It's a house cleaning
hack I learned online.
You save a ton
on dust cloths.
- Good!
[laughs]
Oh, well, I've gotta
get going.
But I will be back
in town very soon.
Oh, thank you,
sweetheart.
[kisses]
Oh, son.
- [door closes]
- Oh!
- What?
- Cole, dad's a liar.
- [scoffs]
What else is new?
- You knew?
- Yeah, for years.
- And you didn't think
I should know
that our father
is an evil robot scientist?
- Evil robot scientist?
I guess if you think
Zoom Around the Room
robotic vacuums
are evil, then, yeah.
- Let's start again.
Why do you say you
know dad's a liar?
- Because every time
I have a tennis match,
he says he's gonna
come and never does.
- No, he's living a lie!
He uses an alias.
He doesn't work
for Zoom Around the Room.
He works for...EGG.
- Wait, how do
you even know this?
And what's egg?
- It's not important.
All I know is that
they are very bad,
very dangerous people.
- And why is everything all
of a sudden about robots?
First, Tammy says
Frankie's a robot,
and now you say our dad's
an evil robot scientist.
You just
rapid-fire blinked.
You only do that when
you're hiding something.
- [laughing]
That's ridiculous.
I don't do that.
- I knew it!
Is this something
to do with Frankie?
Is it? No,
it can't be.
Dayton...
is Tammy onto something?
- Where are you going?
- To talk to Frankie.
- Wait! No! Don't!
- [door slams]
- DAYTON: [groans]
- [cell phone ringing]
- Dayton Reyes, you know
about the Brain Squad finals.
I'm sorry, but I don't have
time for BFF drama right now.
- [doorbell rings]
- Would someone else be kind
enough to get the door?
- [doorbell continues
ringing]
- Cole Reyes.
Come in.
I can offer you juice,
water, or cow's milk.
But we have to keep
this interaction brief.
I have much
cramming to do.
- Frankie, I need you to
be one hundred percent
real with me right now.
- [dramatic music]
- Are you a robot?
- ♪